LiLRichy Mod Change Log
Version = V Forge Change . Mod change + incremental NEVER Reset
Update version in this file, build.gradle, gradle.properties, Reference

v1.13
Fixed Typo on Stone Minerals blocks
Added checks for recipes to not load if required mod is not present.
Added Lectern Block.
Added Glass Panes.
Added Clear Brown Glass.
Added Stairs for Decorative Blocks.

v1.12
Added Thermal Expansion Pulverizer recipe for crushed concrete from concrete blocks.
Fixed null showing in tooltip on blocks with out crafting tips.
Added Ender IO sag mill recipe for crushed concrete from concrete blocks.
Added Config options to enable and disable recipes for many things.
Removed old Decorative block recipes - use block table for all blocks now.
Added Pulverized coal and charcoal usable as black dye.
Fixed Drop Rate on Bearded Azalea plant.
Fixed Plant not recognized as a plant - works with Ender IO farming station now.
Added crafting recipe to turn Essence of Bearded back into seeds.
Death sock no longer crashes a server.
Added 6 new Glass Blocks.
Added 4 new Stone Blocks.
Added Ore Dictionary Entries for Decorative Blocks.
Rewrote the Block Table Recipes to Use Ore Dictionary.
Cottage Recipes Now Use any Wood Planks instead of just Oak.
Code clean up - Reorganized Folders and made Block table Recipe code a bit neater.

v1.11
Added option to reset config file and renamed a bit to make it clearer - should be done to clean up config file
Fixed Server disconnect bug when using Player detector or Advanced player detector
Added Arranged Stone and Cracked Stone to Recipes for Block table
Added Tool Tips to blocks to show what materials are needed to craft them.
Added 8 new Blocks.

v1.10
Added Lava Blocks to the Block table - crafted with concrete and nether rack

v1.9
Renamed files to fix textures not showing on cottage blocks.

v1.8
Fix server crash due to client side event handler being called.

v1.7
Block Table now uses both slots for crafting costs.

v1.6
Fixed block table not taking both stacks of materials.

v1.5
Added Block Table
Removed recipes for decorative blocks."can be turned back on in config" = Now use Block Table for all Decorative blocks.
Fixed Concrete dropping items again....
Code Clean up.

v1.4
Added Crafting recipes for new blocks added in 1.3

v1.3
Added a LOT More Blocks
Added Bearded Azalea Crop, seeds, and Essence
Added ToolTips to Decorative Blocks
Code clean up
Death sock is a lil friendlier

v1.2
Fixed render of panels to be 2 pixels wide
Fixed Hardness of Panels
Added Smelting recipe for concrete

v1.1
Added Wood Panels and Planks Panels

v1.0
Initial Release